# Juan Manuel García
## _Network automation_


DevOps | Networking
- Bash, Powershell
- Java, PHP, C, Python, Ansible
- SQL, NoSQL
- GIT

## CV

- Currently working at Boehringer-Ingelheim
- Almost 17 years working in Claro Argentina (Telco)
- Web Development technician at UNLAM

| Command | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| pwd | print working directory |
| cat | show file content |
| touch | create a file |
| cal | show a calendar in console |
| cd | Change directory |
| ls | list files in current directory |

| Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| .. | cd .. |
| rm | rm -f |

## Homework1

1. 🍎 difference between "Terminal Application" y "Terminal Emulator"
A terminal is simply a text-based interface to the computer. In a terminal, you can type commands, manipulate files, execute programs, and open documents. When working in a terminal, the current directory is called your working directory. A terminal will usually start in the top-level directory of your account.
A terminal emulator is a software application that replicates the functionalities of classic computer terminals.

2. 🍎 ¿why mv (move) is used to rename files and folders?
mv moves the files into that directory and gives them names that match the final components of the source path names. When you specify a single source file and the target is not a directory, mv moves the source to the new name, by a simple rename if possible.

## Homework2
1. 🍎 difference between distributed and centralized version control

The main difference between centralized and distributed version control is that, in centralized version control, the versions are saved in the remote repository, while in distributed version control, versions can be saved in the remote repository as well as in local repositories of the local machines.

2. 🍎 difference between git checkout -b and switch -c
   While git checkout is able to perform tasks that involve such as running down to a specific commit on a detached head, switch cannot without specifying the --detached flag: git switch --detached <commit-or-branchname>.